This is assignment 1.02.  Moving from map to map.

    When you run the program you are presented with the home map at 0,0.  The terrain and roads are randomly generated.  You can enter "n", "s", "e", "w" to go to another section of terrain in our world.  You can also type f "number" "number" to fly to a specific section of the world.  If you try to go to a part of the world that doesn't exist, the section you are currently on will be reprinted, you will be told you can't move there and you will be prompted to enter a new command.  For example, if you are at 0, -200 and you choose to go north, or if you try to fly to 300 300, the map you are on will be reprinted and you will be told you can't go there, and prompted for another command. If you type in "q" the program will stop. You start at 0,0.  The top left corner of the map is -200 -200.  The bottom right corner of the map is 200 200. 
    
    Each section of terrain in the map is only generated once you go there, and if you return to that section of the map, since it has already been generated, you will see the same random map that was generated.

    The roads will always meet up with each other if you move from one section to a neighboring section, and also be appropriately generated if you are on the edge of the map.  For example, if you are in the top right corner of the map -200, -200, the roads will go up to the north and west boarders of that section of terrain, but will not cross the north and west boarders.  In other words, there will be no exit from the word going north and west.  This is similar for all four corners of the map, as well as the area on the boarders between the corners.  For example if you are at 200, 0 (the far right edge straight accross from the starting point) the roads will allow you to go up, down and left (back towards the west) but will not allow you to go right since there is no world east of this section of terrain.

    My pokemart and pokecenter are guaranteed to show up at the origin (0,0) but each has an independent chance of not showing up as you move outward from the origin.  The chance of them showing up while you are within the Manhatten distance of 200 units from the origin is described according to the formula given in the spec sheet for the assignment.  If you are farther than 200 Manhatten units from the center, the chance of either of the pokemart or the pokecenter showing up is a flat 5%.  Again, the chance of the pokemart and pokecenter showing up are independent from one another.  So one might show up, while the other doesn't.  

    