This is assignment 1.04 Player Character and Trainers.

I have implemented all the types of characters needed.  They all move according to the assignment specs.  My player character does not move in this assignment.  It might appear that some of the characters move more than one space at a time, but this is only because the map only prints when the player character is pulled from my queue.  There are certain times where one character might move twice before the player character gets popped from the queue, and the map gets printed.  This can be especially evident as the hikers and rivals get close to the player character or '@' symbol.  If the hiker and rival characters seem to "jump" a bit when they get close to the player character, just run the program again with a new random map and you should are likely to see the smooth movement.

The characters will not enter the exits and multiple characters will not occupy the same location.  Another feature I implemented is to handle the edge case where an NPC happens to get placed in a location where they can't move.  This isn't a problem for the sentries, but could be a problem for characters that should be able to move.  In this edge case, the NPC tries it's best to move, but after it exausts all it's options, it just stays where it is, and then waits for it's next turn.  No character will move into a map cell occupied by another character. No NPC will spawn in a cell occupied by another character. No NPC will spawn in or move into an exit. No NPC may spawn or move into a cell wherein the movement cost for that NPC type is infinity.

It is possible that you could see some characters that you would expect to move not moving.  Consider the pacer.  If the pacer is placed with a tree on their right and a tree on their left and it's random selection of movement chosen at initialization is right, then they would try to head right.  When they couldn't head to the right, they would try to head to the left, but couldn't move left.  In this case they would be put back in the queue, but you would never see them move. 

If you enter "--numtrainers" and then a number, you will get that many characters on the map (plus your player character).  If you enter "--numtrainers 1" you will get one hiker.  If you enter "--numtrainers 2" you will get one hiker and one rival.  If you enter a number larger than 2 you will a mixture of characters, but you will always get at least one hiker and one rival.  If you don't enter any input you will get 10 total characters; 1 rival, 1 hiker, 2 sentries, 2 exploreres, 2 wanderers, and 2 pacers.

There is also a 1/4 second delay after each map prints.

